So so far, we have dummy data for here to top the date of today.
Right.
And we have damning data also for the weather or the temperature, I should say, as well as the description
of the weather today.
OK, so let's change that.
Let's start with the top data there.
How do we get the date, the data for each one of these days or weather description of the day?
We have this date.
So this is timestamp.
This is Unix timestamp.
So that means we have to convert this into a date, something that we can see, something that perhaps
looks like this Monday, November 29th.
So let's let's let's, first of all, get that information.
Then we're going to deal with it.
Our data, which is our weather and we've been using it to get some information we can do so for our
date here.
So what do we do?
We say data.
I'm going to go to the list, of course, and we know just getting for today at the top here, that's
what we're going to show.
So it's OK to just go in and say zero like that, and then I'm going to go to the temp object and then
get the date.
So again, what I'm doing going to do list to get the first object, which is today, go to the temp
object inside and go get the date, the temperature for today.
All right.
So this isn't metric, as you can see the Eunice's metric, that's why it says 12.
So we're going to change that to Imperial.
So you can see the difference as well.
So it depends depending on where you live in the world.
You can change to imperial or metric.
OK, so 52 degrees for my American friends.
All right.
So 52 degrees, that's for during the day.
So that's what we're going to be using or that's what we're using to show here right now.
This is going to be problematic because I want to make sure that this is a strong suit to stream like
that could.
That's what's needed there.
All right.
So let's go ahead and run.
Well, I'm sorry.
That is right.
This is not the date I want to date.
Not today.
All right.
My bet, it's going to run in a way.
Let's see what's going to show there.
OK.
Thirty six.
88.
That's not what we want, but we'll get there.
So I want instead, I want the date.
So go back.
I'm going to see list zero and just go and see.
That's what I want.
I'm going to say to string so we can see the same in a way.
So I'm getting this, so I'm just going to get the string representation of our date.
OK, there we go.
That's very long.
No, that makes no sense to us.
But at least we know we're getting the information now.
Let's go ahead and format this into something that it's readable, humanly readable, something like
this.
Well, for that, let's go to our utils.
I'm going to create yet another class here or just a file call utils like this, and I'm going to pasting
some code.
Now I'm piecing it all of this because it just makes no sense to me to type it all.
It's something that you will have access to, and it's very simple.
So they do.
What are we doing here?
I'm going to use these other ones later, but many days that we have, for instance, creating this
format data would pass in the timestamp in integer and we return a string.
So I'm using this simple data format and passing the pattern right.
Depending on different patterns, we want to show off our date.
So that's all I'm doing here.
Of course, I use the Java you till date.
I convert everything and blah blah blah, and then I use the format method to format it into these patterns.
So we show the actual date.
So now with this format, for instance, you know, I mean, I can wrap all of this into a format,
a format date.
I think this is the one and then put it all inside there.
And of course, I get rid of that.
I don't want this to be a string asked to come in as it is.
And now we should get something more readable.
All right.
So this should be something hopefully that says Wednesday, November 30, 1st or 30th, something like
this.
Let's let's take a look and see if you're run.
OK, there we go.
Tuesday, November 30th, which is today when you run this, of course, depending on the day you are
writing this code.
Of course, this will change, but it will be the correct date for you as well.
Don't get too hung up on this.
This is just some functions that I've created.
You'll have access to that and you can tweak them and so forth.
So something to for you to have.
And we are going to be using these other different functions later.
Well, next, we're going to add the actual temperature of the day, which is exactly what we accidentally
did earlier.
Well, all of that is going to be in here right in this text.
So I'm going to say data or date data rate data.
All right.
List get the first item of the list, which is today and I'm going to say temp and day like the highest
of the day.
And in this case here, let's go ahead.
And what I'm going to do because I don't want to have let's go back here.
I don't want this temp to have decimal points.
What I'm going to do, I'm going to use again.
Let's go back to our util.
We're going to use the format to decimal.
So what this does is it takes in a double and then returns a string formatted.
So this is how we're going to format it.
We just say we want to zero decimal places, right?
That's how we do it and we pass the item, which is a dipole.
So we're going to use that format decimals.
So go back.
I can't wrap all of this again into format decimals like this.
OK.
Which should be good.
And while I'm here this snow, where do we get that snow, which is a description of what's going on
that day?
Well, we do the same thing when I say data analyst.
First item, I'm going to go to, whether I get the first again and then main.
So looking at our data, I got to list get the first one.
I go all the way to whether it's indeed a list or an array.
I get the first object right?
And then I go to mine.
So I'm going to get this small description, not the main description.
One thing I can do.
Actually, it's notice that I see a lot of data lists zero, so I can actually refactor this right click,
right?
Maybe it's a little bit extreme, but it's OK when I introduce whatever, replace all occurrences.
There we go.
So this is just makes it a little bit easier.
Well, the weather item, which just pass in there and just a little bit of refactoring.
Nothing.
Nothing out of this world.
OK, let's go ahead and re1 this real quick.
Now, let me add the degree, as you see here, we have this degree similar now to type a degree symbol.
What do you need to do?
Let's go back to where I want this to show.
This ad plus here, so on Mac, all I do out and hit the zero, and there we go.
And I believe that also that would work on.
P.C. Now, one thing you can do is you can just Google how to type degree symbol right on a Mac or on
a window, and that should work, right?
So this will just help a little bit and let's finalize and give a final version for now so we can move
on.
OK, there we go.
37 degrees and.
If we change this city, we should.
Of course, this should work.
I'm going to say.
Lisbon.
OK, looks like Lisbon is pretty cloudy, 58 degrees, let's say Istanbul.
I think that's how you spell it.
OK, there we go.
57 And it's kind of sunny and rainy and cloudy.
All right.
So it's working.
This is really great because you can see as we change the city, we automatically changing the App Bar
title.
We also getting the date of today, the weather data of today.
We're getting the image.
We're getting the degrees, the temperature and the description right.
It's rain, snow and so forth.
Very good.
So we're making progress now.
Our top here, it's all working perfectly.
Max, what are we going to do is look at this structure here.
OK, I'll see you next.